oh hi how are you I'm asking for your
vote I'd be honored to have your support
how is it a promise made will be a
promise kept hot that's not the question
I'm asking for your vote I want you to
be on my team
I don't want you to let me down on you I
don't even know what you're talking
about I know the human being and fish
can coexist peacefully I want it done
what by the way let me tell you
something I don't want you to let me
down again I don't even know what you're
talking about to let you down on what
obviously we have huge differences of
opinion that's not the question
but let me say this to you if you don't
stand for anything you don't stand for
anything if you don't stab or something
you don't stay for anything I don't know
who you are and I don't know what you're
talking about I don't know what you
represent I don't know this about you so
if you can't give me any more
information than you're doing right now
you can just hang up but I want you to
be on my team
what team I'm asking for your vote a
promise made will be a promise kept it's
time to have a leader
anyway I'm George W Bush we got an issue
in America too many good jobs for
getting out of business too many OBGYNs
aren't able to practice sir
their love with women all across this
country you must be kidding me no it's
not I'm asking for your vote a promise
made will be a promise kept let's come
together play with George W Bush call
somebody in Canada they country this
country is a fabulous country
I'm asking for your vote I don't own in
your country can you hear me I talked to
my dad that needs to be fixed let's come
together you know where Canada is
no I'm from Texas I want you to be on my
team because I'm not American I'm a
Canadian I think it's perfectly
reasonable obviously we have
differences of opinion I don't know if
we do or not because I don't have any
opinion about your country I just have
opinions about my country in this Canada
my passion in my vision is to empower
Americans to be able to make decisions
for themselves in their own lives
I'm asking for your vote I'd be honored
to have your support a promise made will
be a promise kept I guess my answer to
that is thank you and good evening an
email your old dad once in a while will
you